WebBrowserPassView
WebBrowserPassView is a password recovery tool that reveals the passwords stored by the following Web browsers: Internet Explorer (Version 4.0 – 9.0), Mozilla Firefox (All Versions), Google Chrome, Safari, and Opera. This tool can be used to recover your lost/forgotten password of any Website, including popular Web sites, like Facebook, Yahoo, Google, and GMail, as long as the password is stored by your Web Browser.



Download #http://nirsoft.net/utils/opera_password_recovery.html 
 

Protected Storage Pass View
Protected Storage PassView is a small utility that reveals the passwords stored on your computer by Internet Explorer, Outlook Express and MSN Explorer. The passwords are revealed by reading the information from the Protected Storage.



Download #http://nirsoft.net/utils/pspv.html
 

Wireless Key View
WirelessKeyView recovers all wireless network security keys/passwords (WEP/WPA) stored in your computer by the ‘Wireless Zero Configuration’ service of Windows XP and by the ‘WLAN AutoConfig’ service of Windows Vista. It allows you to easily save all keys to text/html/xml file, or copy a single key to the clipboard.



Download #http://nirsoft.net/utils/wireless_key.html
 

VNC Pass View
VNCPassView is a small utility that recover the passwords stored by the VNC tool. It can recover 2 of passwords: password stored for the current logged-on user (HKEY_CURRENT_USER in the Registry), and password stored for the all users.



Download #http://nirsoft.net/utils/vnc_password.html
 

SniffPass
SniffPass is small password monitoring software that listens to your network, capture the passwords that pass through your network adapter, and display them on the screen instantly. SniffPass can capture the passwords of the following Protocols: POP3, IMAP4, SMTP, FTP, and HTTP (basic authentication passwords).



Download #http://nirsoft.net/utils/password_sniffer.html
 

Bullets Pass View
BulletsPassView is a password recovery tool that reveals the passwords stored behind the bullets in the standard password text-box of Windows operating system and Internet Explorer Web browser. After revealing the passwords, you can easily copy them to the clipboard or save them into text/html/csv/xml file.



Download #http://nirsoft.net/utils/bullets_password_view.html
 

Remote Desktop Pass View
Remote Desktop Pass View is a small utility that reveals the password stored by Microsoft Remote Desktop Connection utility inside the .rdp files.



Download #http://nirsoft.net/utils/remote_desktop_password.html
 

MessenPass	
Recovers the passwords of most popular Instant Messenger programs in Windows: MSN Messenger, Windows Messenger, Windows Live Messenger, Yahoo Messenger, ICQ Lite 4.x/2003, AOL Instant Messenger provided with Netscape 7, Trillian, Miranda, and GAIM.


Mail PassView	
Mail PassView can recover the passwords of Web-based email accounts (HotMail, Yahoo!, and Gmail), if you use the associated programs of these accounts.


IE PassView	
IE PassView is a small utility that reveals the passwords stored by Internet Explorer browser.


Dialupass	
Password recovery tool that reveals all passwords stored in dial-up entries of Windows.


Router Pass View	
Windows utility that can recover lost passwords from configuration file saved by a router.


Pst Password	
Recovers lost password of Outlook PST file.


Password Fox	
PasswordFox is a small password recovery tool for Windows that allows you to view the user names and passwords stored by Mozilla Firefox Web browser.


Chrome Pass	
ChromePass is a small password recovery tool for Windows that allows you to view the user names and passwords stored by Google Chrome Web browser.


OperaPassView	
OperaPassView is a small password recovery tool that decrypts the content of the Opera Web browser password file (wand.dat) and displays the list of all Web site passwords stored in this file.


Remote Pocket Asterisk	
Reveals the password stored behind the asterisks in Pocket PC device.


AIM Password Decryptor	
AIM Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover the login passwords stored by AIM (AOL Instant Messenger)


Asterisk Password Spy	
Asterisk Password Spy is the FREE tool to instantly reveal the hidden password behind asterisks (*****).


Browser Password Decryptor	
Browser Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover website login passwords stored by popular web browsers


Chrome Password Decryptor	
Chrome Password Decryptor is the FREE tool to instantly recover all stored passwords from Google Chrome browser.


Digsby Password Decryptor	
Digsby Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover all stored account passwords by Digsby.


Dreamweaver Password Decryptor	
Dreamweaver Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover web server passwords stored by Adobe Dreamweaver product.


Appnimi Excel Password Recovery 	
Appnimi Excel Password Recovery is the FREE software to recover the password of protected Excel documents.


Facebook Password Decryptor	
Facebook Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover stored Facebook account passwords stored by popular web browsers and messengers.


Filezilla Password Decryptor	
Filezilla Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover FTP login passwords stored by FileZilla.


Fire Master	
Fire Master is the first ever built tool to recover the lost master password of Firefox. Master password is used by Firefox to protect the stored sign-on information for all visited websites.


Foxmail Password Decryptor
Foxmail Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover mail account passwords from Foxmail.


FTP Password Decryptor	
FTP Commander Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover FTP login passwords stored by FTP Commander- one of the popular FTP clients.


Google Password Decryptor	
Google Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover stored Google account passwords by various Google applications as well as popular web browsers and messengers


IDM Password Decryptor	
IDM Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover premium account passwords from Internet Download Manager (IDM).


IE Password Decryptor	
IE Password Decryptor is the FREE software to quickly and easily recover all the stored passwords from Internet Explorer.


IncrediMail Password Decryptor	
IncrediMail Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover mail account passwords from IncrediMail – a popular email client.


iTunes Password Decryptor	
iTunes Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover Apple iTunes account password from popular web browsers.


JDownloader Password Decryptor	
JDownloader Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover premium account passwords from JDownloader.


Keychain Recovery	
Keychain Recovery is a free tool to recover the lost password of a keychain file of a Mac operating system.


Mail Password Decryptor	
Mail Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover Mail Account passwords from popular email clients and other associated applications.


Meebo Password Decryptor	
Meebo Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover all the messenger account passwords stored by Meebo Notifier.


Messenger Password Decryptor	
Messenger Password Decryptor is the FREE all-in-one software to instantly recover passwords from popular Messengers including GTalk, MSN, Trillian, Pidgin, Digsby etc.


Miranda Password Decryptor	
Miranda Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover account passwords stored by Miranda.


MSN Live Password Decryptor	
MSN Live Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover MSN/Hotmail/Windows Live Messenger passwords stored by applications such as MSN, Windows Live Messenger, Hotmail, web browsers and other messengers.


Myspace Password Decryptor	
MySpace Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover MySpace Account passwords stored by MySpace IM, popular web browsers and other instant messengers.


Mysql Password Auditor	
Mysql Password Auditor is the FREE Mysql password recovery and auditing software.


Network Password Decryptor	
Network Password Decryptor is the free tool to instantly recover network passwords stored in the ‘Credential Store’ of Windows.


Opera Password Decryptor	
Opera Password Decryptor is the FREE tool to instantly recover the passwords stored by all versions of Opera.


Oracle Password Auditor	
Oracle Password Auditor is the FREE Oracle database password recovery and auditing software.


Orbit Password Decryptor	
Orbit Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover premium account passwords from Orbit Downloader.


Outlook Password Decryptor	
Outlook Password Decryptor is the FREE tool to instantly recover lost password for all versions of Outlook Application.


Paltalk Password Decryptor	
Paltalk Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover all stored account passwords by PaltalkScene.


Appnimi Password Unlocker	
Appnimi Password Unlocker is a All-in-one free tool to recover password of different type of protected files including ZIP, RAR, PDF, XLS, XLSX etc.


PcproxRFIDReader	
PcproxRFIDReader is the FREE tool for reading RFID/HID card ID using pcProx USB readers.


PDF Locker	PDF Locker is a 
FREE tool designed to protect your PDF files. It can provide multi-level protection by helping you to set both user & owner password for your private PDF documents.


Appnimi PDF Password Recovery	
Appnimi PDF Password Recovery is the FREE software to recover the password of protected PDF documents.


Pidgin Password Decryptor	
Pidgin Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover account passwords stored by Pidgin Messenger.

Safari Password Decryptor	
Safari Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover website login passwords stored by Safari web browser.


Smart ftp Password Decryptor	
Smart ftp Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover FTP login passwords stored by SmartFTP.


Thunderbird Pass Decryptor	
Thunderbird Pass Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover the stored mail account password by Thunderbird.


Trillian Password Decryptor	
Trillian Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover account passwords stored by Trillian or Trillian Astra


Twitter Password Decryptor	
Twitter Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover Twitter account passwords stored by popular web browsers.


Word Password Recovery	
Appnimi Word Password Recovery is the FREE software to recover the password of protected Word documents.


WS_FTP Password Decryptor	
WS_FTP Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover FTP login passwords stored by WS_FTP.


Xfire Password Decryptor	
Xfire Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover login passwords from Xfire.


Yahoo Password Decryptor	
Yahoo Password Decryptor is the FREE software to instantly recover Yahoo Login passwords stored by popular web browsers and instant messengers.


Appnimi Zip Password Unlocker	
Appnimi Zip Password Unlocker is the FREE software to recover the password of protected Zip files.
